And look, I've been coaching men for well over a dec...cial forces to some of the greatest rock bands in the world.
And what I've learned is confidence is not something you're going to think your way to.
It is something you have to build with action.
So today I'm going to talk to you about ways to actually build your confidence.
And it's not going to happen through affirmations, right?
It's not going to happen through you standing in the mirror and telling yourself I'm confident.
It's going to happen by you going out and doing things that are courageous.
You have to put yourself out there.
So today I want you to think about this.
Confidence is built through evidence.
The evidence that you can do something.
The evidence that you can handle something.
The evidence that you can produce a certain outcome.
You have to go out and gather evidence.
If you want to build your confidence, you need evidence.
Now, where do you get evidence?
You get evidence by doing courageous things.
By putting yourself out there and going after what you want.
bats right
With that energy exchange, you have to give her this presence... the things women need the most, which is safety and security.
She has to feel what you're saying to her.
And all this comes from a grounded place of confidence.
So here's what I'm going to give you today, guys.
Your challenge today is to do something courageous.
To gather evidence.
Something that you may be avoiding.
Something that makes you feel uncomfortable.
Something that you feel a little fear around.
And it doesn't have to be a massive thing.
An example could be going to the gym.
Going to a gym class.
Maybe you've been saying you want to get in shape.
Maybe you've been saying you want to lose weight.
Maybe you've been saying you want to build muscle.
And you haven't been taking action.
You can go gather evidence today.
Another example could be talking to a woman you like.
Maybe there's a woman at your workplace.
Maybe there's a woman somewhere you see regularly.
Maybe a barista at a coffee shop.
And you want to speak to her.
You want to ask her out.
But you've been avoiding it.
Today you can go gather evidence.
It could be something as simple as making a phone call.
Maybe there's something you've been putting off.
Maybe you need to call a family member.
Maybe you need to call your boss.
Maybe you need to make some sort of call.
And you've been avoiding it because you feel uncomfortable.
Today you can gather evidence.
But the key is you have to take action.
If you want to build your confidence, action is the only way.
Remember, confidence is built on evidence.
Evidence that you can handle it.
Evidence that you can do it.
Evidence that you can create a certain outcome.
So today, go do something courageous.
Something that makes you feel fear.
Something that makes you feel uncomfortable.
It doesn't have to be huge.
Start small if you need to.
But you have to gather evidence today.
And then tomorrow, I'm going to talk to you about something else.
A tool that you can use to build confidence.
So go do that courageous thing today.
And I'll see you tomorrow.
Let's talk about another way to build confidence.
This one's a big one, and it's really important.
Because if you want to be confident with women,
one of the most important things you need to be able to do is handle rejection.
You need to be able to handle rejection.
Now, rejection is something that all men fear.
We all fear rejection.
We fear being told no.
We fear being embarrassed.
We fear feeling shame.
But I want you to remember this.
Rejection does not define you.
Rejection is simply feedback.
It's feedback about what somebody wants.
It's feedback about what somebody likes.
I'm Robbie and I'll see you tomorrow.